Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to show
you how to install,
download and install shade base 47 W
stable version and I want to test this
game platform
using this emulator as you can see it's
okay let's
uh okay first thing first download the
program from the link on the description
after that once it's done this is my
version this macro. Okay, after that
extracted using one error.
Okay, fine. It's extracted successful.
Can get right here. After that, we have
to go here. Double click to open it.
Uh once it's open it
you have to go here
uh to
config view and let's just some
settings.
Okay for this is fine.
Okay.
And for the graphic, set your GPU like
this and set to quality. If you have
a 16 GB of V RAM or more, you can adjust
this for uh for HD. For me, it's 12 GB
of VM. I want to set on HD.
Uh if you have an HDR uh monitor, you
can enable this one if you haven't had
disabled this. Okay.
Uh make sure it's one
or for full screen worth this
then you okay fine for the input file
path is choose as you want as a path and
debug.
Okay. enable this one.
Enable this and this.
Okay, after that apply and save. Now
let's go to the next thing. I have good
to go here to settings and go here game
and start directory.
You choose folder one a few to add your
game. Okay, let's click on folder on
desktop
right here.
You
uh game directory and name. Select this
folder and hit okay. After that just
your uh
controller like this. For me, it's fine.
I just my controller.
You can use PS4 controller PS5 or you
can choose Google U
Xbox One converter.
Hit apply and save.
After that, let's go here to install
packages for the game. Choose your game.
For me, I have a platform. I want to
install it.
Hit open and go right here
and choose your folder. This one and hit
okay. The extracting of the publishes is
begin.
Okay. Uh now the game is successfully
started in this directory. Okay. As you
can see, it showed right here and the
packages file extracting is here. Our
game is here.
After that, let's launch it wall.
Okay. So computer
>> next.
Oh yeah.
Uh now you have to enter your name.
Choose any name as you want. It don't
care. Choose your connection male or
female.
Cho
and hit finish.
Okay.
Okay, as you can see it works fine. This
is the blood cation.
Okay, hit open to conver.
Okay, it works correctly. Thank you guys
for watching this all for this tutorial.